cleanup on SIGINT (#1231)
Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib: doc/plutip-testing.md

Although stake keys serve no real purpose in plutip context, they allow to use base addresses, and thus allow to have the same code for plutip testing, in-browser tests and production.

Note that CTL re-distributes tADA from payment key-only ("enterprise") addresses to base addresses, which requires a few transactions before the test can be run. Plutip can currently handle only enterprise addreses (see [this issue](https://github.com/mlabs-haskell/plutip/issues/103)).

> ## custom SIGINT handlers
> 
> SIGINT does not exit the node process when running a plutip server. Instead, we use a custom handler listening on SIGINT that cancels the fiber. This has the same effect in the end: The process will exit when there are no more possible events, one of them being our custom `cleanupOnSigint` that gets attached and detached to every plutip cluster. We avoid exiting on SIGINT so that multiple plutip servers with different port configs can be run in parallel.

Reviewer: Please move this to after the `Testing with Mote` section, and add it to the table of contents at the top of the file too

```suggestion
### Note on SIGINT

Due to `testPlutipContracts`/`runPlutipContract` adding listeners to the SIGINT signal, node's default behaviour of exiting on that signal no longer occurs. This was done to add cleanup handlers and let them run in parallel instead of exiting eagerly, which is possible when running multiple clusters in parallel. To restore the exit behaviour, we provide helpers to cancel an `Aff` fiber and set the exit code, to let node shut down gracefully when no more events are to be processed. 

```purescript
...
import Contract.Test.Utils (exitCode, interruptOnSignal)
import Data.Posix.Signal (Signal(SIGINT))
import Effect.Aff (cancelWith, effectCanceler, launchAff)

main :: Effect Unit
main = interruptOnSignal SIGINT =<< launchAff do
  flip cancelWith (effectCanceler (exitCode 1)) do
    ... test suite in Aff ...
```

```

Reviewer 2: done, and thanks for the corrections, wasn't sure how to exactly phrase this
